docs: add scaling restrictions for skipped pools (#10763)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/node-pool.md

:::

### Scaling Behavior

Scaling behavior for a worker pool with **Skip worker node update** enabled differs by cluster type.

> For AWS IaaS, MAAS, and VMware vSphere clusters, scale-up is permitted. New nodes added manually or by the cluster

Author: ```
For AWS IaaS, MAAS, and VMware vSphere clusters, scale-up is permitted. 
```
Enabled by bug fix https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-5960.

> autoscaler join at the pool's current Kubernetes version, not the control plane version. Scale-down is not restricted.

Author: ```
New nodes added manually or by the cluster autoscaler join at the pool's current Kubernetes version
```
As per design doc https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ENGINEERIN/pages/3455680529/Decoupled+Kubernetes+upgrades

> autoscaler join at the pool's current Kubernetes version, not the control plane version. Scale-down is not restricted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
autoscaler join using the worker pool's current Kubernetes version, not the control plane version. Scale-down is not restricted.
```

Reviewer: For clarity :)

> For connected Edge Native clusters, scale-up is not permitted while the toggle is enabled. Palette rejects scale-up

Author: ```
For connected Edge Native clusters, scale-up is not permitted while the toggle is enabled.
```
As per [Edge upgrade path epic](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PE-8173): "Scaling a worker pool with the “Skip update” flag will NOT be allowed"

requests on a skip-enabled pool, whether initiated manually or by the cluster autoscaler. To expand capacity, create a

> new worker pool and add edge hosts to it instead.

Author: ```
To expand capacity, create a new worker pool and add edge hosts to it instead.
```
As per [Edge upgrade path epic](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PE-8173): "Instead, users should create a new node pool and add edge hosts to that"

> create a new worker pool and add edge hosts to it instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a new worker pool and add Edge hosts to it instead.
```
